RFC for internal error codes (#1)
waw-muzik/rfcs: 0000-template.md

outcome?

Please focus on explaining the motivation so that if this RFC is not accepted,
the motivation could be used to develop alternative solutions. In other words,
enumerate the constraints you are trying to solve without coupling them too
closely to the solution you have in mind.

# Detailed design

This is the bulk of the RFC. Explain the design in enough detail for somebody
familiar with Vue to understand, and for somebody familiar with the
implementation to implement. This should get into specifics and corner-cases,
and include examples of how the feature is used. Any new terminology should be
defined here.

# Drawbacks

Why should we *not* do this? Please consider:

- implementation cost, both in term of code size and complexity
- whether the proposed feature can be implemented in user space
- the impact on teaching people Vue
- integration of this feature with other existing and planned features
- cost of migrating existing Vue applications (is it a breaking change?)

There are tradeoffs to choosing any path. Attempt to identify them here.

# Alternatives

What other designs have been considered? What is the impact of not doing this?

# Adoption strategy

> If we implement this proposal, how will existing Vue developers adopt it? Is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we implement this proposal, how will existing developers adopt it? Is
```

> this a breaking change? Can we write a codemod? Can we provide a runtime adapter library for the original API it replaces? How will this affect other projects in the Vue ecosystem?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this a breaking change? How will this affect other WAW projects?
```

Reviewer: and this?

# Unresolved questions

> Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still TBD (to be determinated)?
```

> TBD?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
